.TH SEMT "1" "June 2015" "NONE" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
semt \- Simple Edid Manipulation Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B semt
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIINPUT FILE\fR] [\fIX-RESOLUTION\fR] [\fIY-RESOLUTION\fR] [\fIOUTPUT FILE\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Processing the "Extended display identification data" (EDID) in order to apply a
custom resolution. This is helpfull if the concerning monitor does not provide
an EDID itself or its EDID is corrupted.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h
Display this help message and exit
.TP
.BR \-v
Print the version number and quit
.TP
.BR \-d
Enter debug mode
.SH EXAMPLES
It makes sense to use this command in conjunction with an altered
/etc/X11/xorg.conf file, in which the new edid is invoked. This can be done by
adding the following line somewhere under the screen section: 'Option
"CustomEDIDDFP:/path/to/modified/edid.bin"'

Rewrite an EDID residing in the Downloads directory with 1920 as the
X-Resolution and 1080 as the Y-Resolution

.ti 12
.B semt
~/Downloads/edid.bin 1920 1080 ./custom_edid.bin

Rewrite a local EDID in debug mode with 1680 x 1050 as the new resolution and
write the output to /etc/X11/edid.bin

.ti 12
.B semt
-d ./edid.bin 1680 1050 /etc/X11/edid.bin
.SH "BUGS"
.sp
Bugs? You must be kidding; there are no bugs in this software\&.
But if I happen to be wrong, send me an email with as much detail as possible
to gordian.edenhofer@gmail.com.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Gordian Edenhofer.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2015 Gordian Edenhofer
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.B get-edid,
.B parse-edid
